---
layout: post
title:  "26/100 Days of Code"
date:   2022-09-13 15:30:23 -0700
categories: 100Days
comments: true
---

### Fly.io Issues

1. Might have to abandon debugging the deployment issues as I'm not really making much progress on solving the issue.
    1. My current assumption is there's caching of the deployment files so when I deploy, it's not applying any changes. I tried running `npm run build` in case deploying somehow uses my local build files, but that didn't have any changes on the deployment either.
    2. Another assumption that I'll have to look into in the future is potentially an error with the build command not running. Some brief searching online for the error I receive in my Github action showed that this could be related to build.
        - [A fly.io community post about a similar issue](https://community.fly.io/t/nodejs-failed-due-to-unhealthy-allocations/5013/2)
        - [A more generic SO discussion about the Error message I see in the Github action logs](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/70495483/node-js-only-resolving-dist-index-js-other-files-in-module-are-not-found)

### Paper Trader

1. Opened my PR for the logout function!
    - Not too many changes from yesterday, but I did manage to find out how to set the active `Tab` to be highlighted.
        - With Evergreen UI, the `Tab` component has a property `isSelected` that is a boolean which determines if it's active and should be highlighted.
        - Pair that with `react-router-dom`'s `useLocation` hook, I just need to compare if the `pathname` property from the returned object of `useLocation` matches the path corresponding to the `Tab`.
    - There may be a way to apply these changes more dynamically as everything is hard coded, but for now since the file is small this is tolerable. 
        - I may revisit the use of `Array.map` to have the tabs be dynamically set, but the `Logout` tab would have to be excluded from the `map` callback as it won't have the same properties as the other tabs.

### Next Steps
1. Apply changes that may come in from the code review of my PR.
2. A retrospective, which will likely be pretty brief.
3. Start working on the login redirect spinner.
