---
layout: post
title:  "11/100 Days of Code"
date:   2022-08-29 15:30:23 -0700
categories: 100Days
comments: true
---

### Paper Trader
**Fly.io Deployment**

1. Deployed server on Fly.io 
    - Following the docs, it was a pretty straightforward process. They even have a [speedrun guide](https://fly.io/docs/speedrun/) for deploying!
    - In addition, I got a PostgreSQL set up and connected to the server as part of the deployment process. 
    - Given how quickly I was able to get the server deployed on Fly.io, I decided to also add CI/CD via Github actions, but to be determined if that works properly since it'll only trigger when merges are made to the `main` branch
    - So far, very happy with my experience with Fly.io. Though, as I start expanding the backend, add more environmental variable, and actually utilize the database, my opinion may change. 

**Adding User Sessions**

1. Utilizing JWTs
    - Plan is to sign username and return a JWT after getting the user's username from Discord OAuth flow. 
    - At the moment, I am having difficulty properly handling the JWT on the frontend
        - Originally I used the regular `jsonwebtoken` npm package but that caused tons of errors. Leading my to switch to `react-jwt` per this [recommendation](https://stackoverflow.com/a/72571060). 
        - However, this led to typing issues with my JWT decoding, where `decodeToken` from `react-jwt` was returning type `unkown`. Following [this discussion](https://stackoverflow.com/a/61201393), I made an interface for my token.
        - Unfortunately, now I have an error with the object returned from `decodeToken` possibly being type `null`. 
            - This is likely due to the possibility of user authorization from Discord failing before getting a valid signed JWT from the server. 
            - I'll spend some more time trying to see if adding more validations before preparing the JWT will resolve this typing issue. If not, I'll take a look at the other JWT packages [mentioned here](https://stackoverflow.com/a/70856437) to see if I have better luck debugging the type issues.


### Next Steps
1. Continue to work on implementing user session