---
layout: post
title:  "52/100 Days of Code"
date:   2022-10-13 15:30:23 -0700
categories: 100Days
comments: true
---

### Paper Trader

Started making changes to my React side of things after the database integration.

1. Small changes here and there needed to be made to adjust the JWT being a different structure.
2. However the biggest change is trying to properly handle errors when accessing the Profile page.
    1. At the moment there are two error situations:
        1. There's a database communication error, and they need to try again later 
            - User doesn't need to logout, just has to comeback later.
        2. There's a server communication error, and they need to try again later 
            - Need to clear user context, logout user, and need to redirect user to login page
    2. With my current setup, I need to make more changes in my server to properly send an error instance that I can use to indicate the first error situation. For my second error situation, there isn't a way for the Profile component to update the React context, however I might be able to try to pass my logout function down to the component.

### Learnings

1. My VSCode kept formatting my files inconsistently, some varying between indentations that were 4 spaces and 2 spaces. 
    - Turns out some of my files were using `Spaces: 2` and some were using `Tabs: 2` which look the same in VSCode but the raw file and on Github they appear very different.
    - The solution was to change the files with `Tabs` to be `Spaces` and also choosing to `Convert Indentations To Spaces`

2. After making this mass reformating, it overrides my `git blame` output on the affected files/lines.
    - To resolve this, I had to use `git blame --ignore-rev <commit hash>` and create a file to store this so I don't have to constantly remember which commit hash to ignore.
    - These blog posts were pretty helpful in explaining the steps and the purpose of having these changes:
        1. [Ignoring Revisions with git blame](https://akrabat.com/ignoring-revisions-with-git-blame/)
        2. [A better git blame](https://michaelheap.com/git-ignore-rev/)
        3. The official [git blame documentation](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-blame)
        4. Not a blog, but a [SO discussion on the topic](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/34957237/can-i-configure-git-blame-to-always-ignore-certain-commits-want-to-fix-git-blam)


### Next Steps
1. Continue restructuring my React client to handle the database implementation
2. A retro on part one of database integration