---
layout: post
title:  "45/100 Days of Code"
date:   2022-10-5 15:30:23 -0700
categories: 100Days
comments: true
---

### Paper Trader

**Merged my refactoring of Express API Routes so far to `main` with some minor changes had to be made to yesterday:**

1. I changed the generic `axios` request to have a default `data` value of `undefined` rather than an empty object, which removes the need for the conditional I had before.
    ~~~~
    static async request(endpoint: string, headers: any, data: URLSearchParams = undefined, method = "GET") {
        const url = `${BASE_DISCORD_API_URL}/${endpoint}`;

        const response = (await axios({ method, url, data, headers })).data;
        return response;
    }
    ~~~~
2. Moved my Discord OAuth API interfaces to be the return type for the Discord API requests in my `discord.ts` file
    - Promotes separation of concerns as the interfaces really only pertain to the response object from the Discord API, not directly the requests in the `/login` route.
    - This also enables not having to redefine the interface if any other routes need to use the Discord API requests - unlikely but just another example of good separation of concerns


**However, after merging the above PR, I noticed my Firebase deploy Github action failed.**

1. This was unusual as it ran successfully yesterday and today there were no changes to the files that would be deployed to Firebase. 
    - Comparing the Github action logs, I saw that Firebase had updated, with `11.13` being used yesterday, but `11.14` being used today
2. After spending sometime looking into the error message `Error: Failed to list functions for paper-trader-182a4` and going nowhere, I dug through the error logs and found a clue to my issue.
3. By adding the --debug flag to my deploy command in my CLI, I found this message:
    ~~~
    //...
    HTTP Error: 403, Cloud Functions API has not been used in [PROJECT] before 
    or it is disabled. Enable it by visiting [URL for Cloud Functions API] then retry.
    //...
    ~~~
4. After following the link and enabling this API, I was able to deploy locally! But trying to deploy by running my Github action presented a different type of error:
    ~~~
    //...
     "message": "Permission 'cloudfunctions.functions.list' denied on '[PROJECT]'",
    //...
     ~~~
5. Looking up this issue, I found the Github repository issues that discuessed this problem. Luckily the users there were able to [provide a solution](https://github.com/FirebaseExtended/action-hosting-deploy/issues/203#issuecomment-1127732956) that I was able to implement and fix my CI/CD issue.


**Once I resolved my CI/CD issues, I went back to implementing the Finnhub API and created the beginning of my `/stock` routes.**

1. Nothing too different in the structure from my previous routes and setup (classic CRUD setup).
    - Separate file for stock routes, separate file for Finnhub api requests.
2. However, one change I had to spend some time debugging was how to properly send data in a request body
    - Current set up for my `/buy` route is that it accepts a ticker and quantity in the request body and then the route outputs the total cost if purchase successful (basic setup to get started).
    - Since I originally lacked the middleware `express.json()`, there was no body property in my request object so I kept having trouble accessing the ticker and quantity properties I was sending to the route. A quick change once I noticed there was no body property after console logging the request object.

### Next Steps
1. Continue building out the stock API features
    - Looks like I may have to take a detour and start working on the database to make meaningful progress though